Add mention of Test Source detection in IDEA (issue 18723) to release notes. (#19330)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/release/notes.md

See [the documentation](userguide/command_line_interface.html#sec:command_line_debugging) for details.

> ### Test Suites ###
> 
> #### Detect Additional Test Suite Sources in IntelliJ IDEA ####

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Mark additional test source directories as tests in IntelliJ IDEA 
```

> The [IntelliJ IDEA Plugin](userguide/idea_plugin.html) plugin will now automatically mark any [SourceSets](https://docs.gradle.org/current/dsl/org.gradle.api.tasks.SourceSet.html) created by adding additional Test Suites via the [Test Suite Plugin](userguide/jvm_test_suite_plugin.html) as test source directories within the IDE.

Reviewer: FYI, we shouldn't link to docs.gradle.org/current in the release notes because they'll go to the wrong version.

```suggestion
The [IntelliJ IDEA Plugin](userguide/idea_plugin.html) plugin will now automatically mark all source directories used by a [JVM Test Suite](userguide/jvm_test_suite_plugin.html#declare_an_additional_test_suite) as test source directories within the IDE. 

The [JVM Test Suite Plugin](userguide/jvm_test_suite_plugin.html) is an incubating plugin that makes it easier to create additional sets of tests in a Java project.

The Eclipse plugin will be updated in a future version of Gradle.
```
